so I'm in the middle of a project making
some salt pepper shakers and I have to
use a Forstner bit to drill out a large
cavity inside these which obviously
makes all kinds of sawdust and I've had
my drill press mini drill puss just
sitting right here and I dawned on me
I'm just need some light here I'm just
creating multiple I'm just creating so
much more work for myself having this
throw all this dust go on the ground so
then it dawned on me I could take my
drill press here this thing's light
enough to grab with one hand and why not
just set it in place my miter saw
station that's got a nice little dust
collection set up it just so happens
that this can come off and slide out of
the way and nothing is obstructed
just like before so that's what I'm
going to do this is no longer a miter
saw station it is they will call it I
build it dot CA multifunction station or
something I don't know but hey that
works so dust collection for my drill
press pretty nifty one design can go a
long way alright my station obviously
all the sawdust and I've got a couple
projects going on with my drill press
and was created so much sawdust who's
getting to be uh getting to be
aggravating so then it dawned on me I
had already moved my solid with everyone
I just throw the drill press in place I
send it in here the anointing
measurements just fit on the frame as it
was which was great put two screws in
here screw it down and now I got dust
collection for my drill press this is
this whole setup
it just it's awesome creativity free
creativity so this is so cool I can take
my too much more stock on this like this
this is awesome you know what makes this
so much better is it's something that
you can build you can do yourself
this isn't store-bought stuff so thanks
again to Jonathas awesome design and man
the limits are endless with this with
this setup so I'm extremely satisfied
extremely thrilled I just wanted to
throw that out there maybe you do
something with the same something in the
same nature but you know like I said
creativity breeds creativity so never
stop improving